Update zoom info (#144)
rladies/rladiesguide: content/organization/events/online/index.en.md

{{< figure src="enter-key.png" alt="Screenshot of the 'enter key' form in the Zoom interface" >}}

### Tips for running the Zoom meeting

> 

Reviewer: @acolum, what do you think about mentioning the chapters in a notice box like this: 

```suggestion
{{% notice note %}}
These guidance has been updated based on experiences from the Baltimore, Irvine, NYC, and Santa Barbara chapter guidelines, specifically to address issues with trolls in zoom meetings.
{{% /notice %}}

```

Author: @rivaquiroga Thank you for this suggestion, but it's fine - we don't have to mention these chapters. It would be more work that it's worth to get their approval before mentioning them on this page.

Reviewer: (So it would be great if we can we have the notice note)

Reviewer 2: fyi @acolum we added this in

> :eyes: After becoming the Host, we suggest that you:
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:eyes: After becoming the Host, we suggest that you:
-   Enable the waiting room.
```

Reviewer 2: this setting has been reverted back

{{< figure src="enter-key.png" alt="Screenshot of the 'enter key' form in the Zoom interface" >}}

### Tips for running the Zoom meeting

> The guidance in this section comes from the Baltimore, Irvine, NYC, and Santa Barbara chapter guidelines.

Reviewer 2: This is a bit tricky here! Some of this content existed before the input of these chapters. Maybe instead we can state something like "These guidance has been updated based on experiences from the Baltimore, Irvine, NYC, and Santa Barbara chapter guidelines, specifically to address issues with trolls in zoom meetings."

Also, if we are going to name the chapters, we should give them the opportunity to review the PR prior to merge.

Author: These are good points, and I agree - I've updated my PR to remove this sentence/line and just start with ":eyes: After becoming Host, we suggest that you:..."

:eyes: After becoming Host, we suggest that you:
The guidance in this section comes from the Baltimore, Irvine, NYC, and Santa Barbara chapter guidelines.

> -   Enable the waiting room.

Reviewer 2: We want to evaluate/confirm the order of when this needs to happen.

Author: Since the Zoom settings have the waiting room enabled by default, I assumed that the waiting room would be turned on automatically at the start of a meeting. However, we can discuss this at the next global team meetings.

Reviewer: We don't have the waiting room enabled by default on the R-Ladies Zoom account because organisers need to enter the meeting to reclaim the host

Author: Hi Riva, we do have the writing room enabled by default - please see the attached screenshots, which depict the current settings in the R-Ladies Zoom account. Please note that I didn't change any of these settings - they were already like this when I looked into them.

![Screenshot 2024-09-06 124149](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ad1e15f3-265d-4ca3-a514-c244ba2d9dc8)
![Screenshot 2024-09-06 124128](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f909949f-7e71-4c5b-8e39-ef5b29245331)
![Screenshot 2024-09-06 124247](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/88b4f886-480e-45e1-af97-e20e64518a55)
![Screenshot 2024-09-06 124234](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f0973738-ee92-4b53-aab0-b4070bb68e58)

 make them co-hosts so that they can manage bad actors with you if
 necessary. **Having multiple co-organizers run an online meeting makes things much easier (e.g., one organizer can keep an eye on the chat).** 
 It also makes it possible for your co-host to claim host if you for some reason disconnect or experience other technical difficulties.

> We recommend having (at a minimum) one co-host to help you. Three to four co-hosts in total would be ideal.

Reviewer 2: This might not be possible for all chapters. How about 
```suggestion
We recommend having (at a minimum) one co-host to help you. For larger events, you may consider three to four co-hosts.
```
